procedures: Configuring the CheCluster Custom Resource (#2136)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_using-chectl-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource-during-installation.adoc

[id="using-{prod-cli}-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource-during-installation_{context}"]
= Using {prod-cli} to configure the `CheCluster` Custom Resource during installation

> You can edit the `CheCluster` Custom Resource YAML file during the installation of {prod-short}, to deploy {prod-short} with a suitable configuration. Otherwise, the {prod-short} deployment uses the default configuration parametrized by the Operator.

Reviewer: Start by mentioning the goal, so the user can see if they're interested (or move on to another topic) before you start telling them _how_ they can achieve that goal. 
```suggestion
To deploy {prod-short} with a suitable configuration, you can edit the `CheCluster` Custom Resource YAML file during the installation of {prod-short}. Otherwise, the {prod-short} deployment uses the default configuration parametrized by the Operator.
```

Reviewer: Imagine someone at the bus station telling you, "Go to the third bus on the right, give your ticket to the conductor, stow your bag away, and have a seat, if you want to go to Kutna Hora." Right? You kind of wish they had mentioned Kutna Hora first.

.Prerequisites
* Access to an administrator account on an instance of {platforms-name}.
* The {prod-cli} tool is available. See xref:using-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[]. 

.Procedure

> * Create a `che-operator-cr-patch.yaml` YAML file containing the subset of the CheCluster Custom Resource to configure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a `che-operator-cr-patch.yaml` YAML file that contains the subset of the `CheCluster` Custom Resource to configure:
```
This suggestion shows changes that show how to:
- Avoid using a gerund to improve clarity for global audiences.  
- Apply the object naming guidelines.

Also see the IBM SG item: 
"using noun
To avoid ambiguity, replace this gerund with either "by using" or "that uses".
To refer to something "using" one thing or another is often ambiguous. For example, the sentence "Back up the server using ABC" might mean "Back up the server by using ABC" or "Back up the server that uses ABC". This advice also applies to gerunds other than "using". For more information, see the style and grammar tips in the Global audiences topic in IBM Style and the section about "Clarity" in "Developing Quality Technical Information".

[id="using-{prod-cli}-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource-during-installation_{context}"]
= Using {prod-cli} to configure the `CheCluster` Custom Resource during installation

To deploy {prod-short} with a suitable configuration, edit the `CheCluster` Custom Resource YAML file during the installation of {prod-short}. Otherwise, the {prod-short} deployment uses the default configuration parameterized by the Operator.

.Prerequisites
* Access to an administrator account on an instance of {platforms-name}.
* The {prod-cli} tool is available. See xref:using-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[]. 

.Procedure
* Create a `che-operator-cr-patch.yaml` YAML file that contains the subset of the `CheCluster` Custom Resource to configure:
+
====
[source,yaml,subs="+quotes"]
----
spec:
  __<component>__:
      __<property-to-configure>__: __<value>__
----
====

> * Deploy {prod-short} and apply the changes described in `che-operator-cr-patch.yaml`:

Reviewer 2: According to the RH Style Guide we should add the type of format we are talking about, here: "described in the `che-operator-cr-patch.yaml` file".

[id="using-{prod-cli}-to-configure-the-checluster-custom-resource-during-installation_{context}"]
= Using {prod-cli} to configure the `CheCluster` Custom Resource during installation

> The CheCluster Custom Resource is a YAML document describing the configuration of a {prod-short} installation. It contains sections to configure each component: `auth`, `database`, `server`, `storage`.

Reviewer 3: To be precise:
The CheCluster Custom Resource is a Kubernetes object describing the configuration of a Che installation. To manipulate this object, human users use its representation as a YAML document.
